# CopyrightDateRange

This is a simple gem that provides a single helper method:
  
  copyright_date_range(start_year)

Simply call it in a layout file as such:

  .copyright Copyright &copy; #{copyright_date_range(2011)} MyCoolCompany.  All Rights Reserved.
  
If it is currently 2012, this will yield:

  Copyright © 2011 - 2012 MyCoolCompany.  All Rights Reserved.
  
If it is currently 2011, it would simply yield:

  Copyright © 2011 MyCoolCompany.  All Rights Reserved.

# Installation

You can install this gem by including it in your Gemfile:

  gem 'copyright_date_range', :git => "git://github.com/geckocircle/copyright_date_range.git"

# License

Copyright (C) 2012 Dave Rosborough.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.